hello everyone this is mr brain junkie
here and today we're going to be talking
about a science fiction film called dark
city
be ready for some spoilers ahead a man
wakes up in a hotel
disoriented and not able to remember his
past
he looks in the mirror only to find
blood on his forehead
but he appears to be uninjured otherwise
the man walks out of the bathroom
only to knock over a goldfish by
accident he immediately saves the animal
by placing it in the bathtub
he finds a suitcase with the initial of
kh and proceeds to examine the items
inside
the man sees a postcard with the name
shell beach on the background
and begins recollecting fragments of his
past suddenly the phone rings beside him
and a man named dr schreiber tells him
urgently that the main character lost
his memories because of a failed
experiment
he must run quickly as there are people
coming after him right now
the main character drops the phone in
fear and sees the dead body of a woman
with strange markings on her
he quickly runs out of the room but sees
a group of strange men in black suits
exiting the elevator and going towards
his room just like the doctor foretold
he runs to the lobby and notices that
the clock appears to be stuck at 12
midnight
what's even more strange is that
everyone in the building appears to be
unconscious
like they fell asleep in the middle of
what they were doing the clock strikes
and the people all magically resumed
their activities
the hotel manager caused the main
character mr murdock
and informs him to pick up his wallet at
the automat
a beautiful woman with extraordinary
eyebrows performs on stage
her name is emma and she turns out to be
murdock's wife
after her performance she receives an
invitation from dr schreiber
who claims to be an old friend of her
husbands we learned that apparently emma
cheated on her husband
which caused him to run off three weeks
ago the doctor tells emma that her
husband has lost his memory
and may act unpredictably if they meet
he stresses for her to call him
if murdoch ever returns to her as the
doctor claims to be the only one able to
fix her husband's afflictions
at the same time inspector bumstead
receives the murder case from the police
station
they arrive at the hotel and looks at
the dead body with confusion
murdoch comes to the restaurant and a
blonde woman tries seducing him with her
hormones
but he didn't want any strange diseases
and proceeds to go in without her
he sees his wallet behind one of the
compartments but it refuses to open
surprisingly murdoch managed to break in
by accidentally using his telekinetic
abilities
murdock grabs the wallet and tries to
leave but gets stopped by the officers
in the restaurant who questions him on
where he's going
luckily the main character is saved by
the blonde woman from earlier
while she scores the officers for not
hunting down the real killer in the city
they leave the restaurant but the woman
is not done with her main character yet
as she leads him to her room on the
other side
the police continues to examine the
crime scene and bumstead recalls that
there are five murders of the same
nature from before
all related to killings of prostitutes
what he found
odd in this case was the fact that the
killer apparently saved the goldfish
after he broke his fish tank
he questions what kind of killer was
safe another animal
detective bombstead goes back to the
police station only to see emma outside
asking about her husband he takes her in
his office and questions her about the
murders of the six women
after learning that the police are
accusing her husband of sleeping with
and murdering prostitutes
emma rushes out in anger refusing to
cooperate with the inspector
at the same time murdoch waits on the
woman's bed while she undresses and
prepares to service the man with her
female assets
he looks into his wallet and finds out
that his name is ironically john
given the situation that he's in right
now murdoc goes to the billboard
advertising about shell beach
and finds more evidence that suggests he
may actually be the killer
the man in black suits catches up with
murdoc and tries to subdue him with
their abilities
but finds it ineffective against the
main character murdoch uses his
telekinesis to drop one of the pursuers
while the others attack him with knives
he nearly falls to his death
but manages to kill one of them by
splicing the man's head open
he climbs up to the platform and
shockingly sees a creature climbing up
from the man's brain which appears to
die soon after making contact with the
outside
the lights explode in the vicinity and
the main character escapes at this
opportunity
underground deep in the city a gathering
of the strange men takes place and
they're troubled by the main character's
apparent ability to use their powers
we also learned that dr schreiber is
working with them
and they're responsible for murdoch's
amnesia as they try to implant memories
into the main character
their leader mr book appears and tells
his right-hand man mr hand
to capture murdoch no matter the
consequences
inspector bombstead brings emma back to
her home and apologizes for his
questionings earlier
she goes into her apartment only to find
that jon is waiting in the living room
the woman is shocked when she sees her
husband has actually lost his memories
and he doesn't remember anything about
his wife john expresses the frustration
of not knowing who he is
and suspects that he may really be the
serial killer after all
emma disagrees as she strongly believes
that jon is innocent
he goes out of their apartment only to
be ambushed by detective bombstead
jon tries to explain the truth but the
officer fails to believe his outlandish
tales and proceeds to chase after him
murdoch gets trapped in a room with no
exit but surprisingly he is able to
conjure up a door and escape
while the officer arrives only to find a
dead end murdoch manages to find dr
schreiber
only to see one of the men in black
suits mr hand
scolding the doctor for failing to
imprint jon's memories
schreiber explains that murdock has
somehow developed the ability to reject
the implanting of new memories
which may be a natural process of human
evolution
mr han wants the doctor to produce more
of murdoch's memories but they will use
it for a different purpose this time
the clock strikes again and all the
mysterious men gather in their sanctum
and begin shutting off the city
as the clock reached 12 midnight
everything stops and the people all
become unconscious in the middle of
their routines
murdoch gets freaked out seeing how
everything suddenly stopped and tries
his best to wake up the people but with
no results
the man in black suits goes with dr
schreiber and begins implanting
different memories into different people
while everyone is unconscious the city
itself also begins to change accordingly
as a result of being manipulated by the
men in black suits
matching the new memories that are
implanted into the people
murdoch catches the doctor when he's
alone and questions him about what is
really happening
but the doctor tells him that it's not
safe to talk here murdoch gets angry and
uses the power by accident which sends
the doctor flying
seeing jon use his ability the doctor is
overjoyed and tells him that they need
to work together
in order to take the city back from the
mysterious man
before they can finish their
conversation jon runs away quickly as
the men in black suits arrive
with a last attempt to capture the main
character they inject the memories meant
for john into mr hand
so that he may sympathize with what jon
is supposed to be thinking
in order to predict where he's likely to
be next meanwhile
jon begins piecing the clues together
from the pictures of the postcard
and the initials on his suitcase which
suggests that he has an uncle named karl
harris
he manages to find the man's address
from the phone book and decides to head
for shell beach as his memory tells him
that that is where he's from
jon goes on the subway but no matter
what he does the trains do not go to the
beach and stops one station before it
with the insides of murdoch's memories
mr hen visits the blonde woman and
interrogates her about jon's whereabouts
although they did not find any useful
information from the woman
he begins feeling john's emotions and
understands that emma is the key to
finding the main character
his memories have also changed him as he
becomes a sadistic killer and plans to
torture the woman before killing her
with no other clues jon goes to the
address of his uncle
and meets a man in a wheelchair pointing
a gun at him the man soon recognizes jon
as his nephew
and begins showing him their past photos
together while jon was a little kid
these pictures show john on the shell
beach with his parents but when he
inquires about the exact locations and
how to get there
the uncle cannot seem to remember what's
even more weird is that john sees a big
scar on these childhood photos of
himself
but it doesn't exist on his current body
suggesting that all these past events
are lies
at the same time emma traced her
husband's whereabouts and eventually
locates the blonde woman's apartment
she sneaks inside only to find the woman
horribly disfigured and killed
she runs outside in fear and gets
stopped by inspector bombstead who's
following her to catch jon
emma goes home only to receive a phone
call from jon's uncle
who tells her that her husband is here
but acting very strangely
she quickly goes with bomb's bombstead
towards jon's location but this
information is also revealed to mr hen
who was listening from outside their
window jon catches his uncle talking
with emma
and realizes that his location is
compromised the men in black suits
quickly arrive at john's location
and the main character has no choice but
to run immediately
the building begins changing again as it
approaches midnight
and john makes it outside only to see
that the city is morphing chaotically
he tries to escape but runs into mr hen
who stops him promptly
jon gains the advantage in their fight
but the man tells him that there is
nowhere for jon to hide as they have his
memories
john demands to know what they are to
which the man says that they use dead
humans as vessels
they are separated by the growing
buildings and john continues to run away
from his pursuers
jon nearly falls to his death but
manages to save himself by climbing onto
a rising structure
he eventually makes it to the ground but
gets surrounded by the man in black
suits
luckily emma arrives with one stead and
they rescue jon just in time before he
can be captured
the inspector brings him back to the
police station and interrogates jon
about the murders
but the main character claims to be in
the dark just like everyone else
jon suspects that something is very
wrong with the reality
and questions bombstead about when he
last remembers seeing sunlight in the
city
murdoch states that he's been awake this
whole time through multiple midnights
but never saw the sun rise even once he
further demonstrates his weird situation
by showing his power to lift objects
with his mind
the man in black suits arrive at the
police station and begins putting
everyone to sleep while looking for
murdock
the inspector questions himself even
more as he looks through the conflicting
evidences
he decides to take the keys and free
murdock in order to learn the truth
jon finds dr scheper in the swimming
room and demands that he tells the truth
the doctor tells john that he's not
crazy nor is he a murderer
but points a gun at him as they don't
have time for explanations
he shows john a syringe that he created
which he claims to have all the answers
he needs jon to inject it right away as
it's the only way to save everyone from
the men in black suits
bombstead points his gun at the doctor
and jump takes the syringe
they force shepard to take them to shell
beach as they believe that it will lead
them to the truth
the doctor claims that going there won't
lead them to anything as he's been there
himself already
meanwhile emma goes home only to find
all the furnitures missing
and mr hen waiting for her in the
apartment he takes her hostage
and plans to use her against murdock the
three men gets on a boat as they travel
closer to their destination
the doctor begins explaining that this
whole place is an experiment in order
for the men in black suits to find the
human soul
as they imprint different memories to
different people everyone here was
abducted for this purpose alone
and everything they remember about their
past is fabricated
but strange men are actually a different
species from another world
and their race is dying because they
lack individuality
they want to understand what makes
humans different in order to save
themselves from extinction
the aliens are able to manipulate the
city with their telekinetic
powers and somehow jon has acquired it
as well after many rounds of imprints
the inspector wonders where they're
really from but the doctor says that no
one really knows as they all lost their
memories
they get off the boat and walks inside a
tunnel until they eventually reach the
end
however there's nothing here except for
the same billboard that jon saw in the
beginning about the beach
they refuse to give up and begins
hammering at the wall with sledgehammers
while the doctor screams for them to
stop
jon breaks through the barrier with his
powers and to their shock
there's nothing but space and distant
stars outside the city
the aliens arrive holding emma hostage
bombstead begins shooting at them but
gets overpowered by one of the aliens
and falls
out of the walls he flows into space and
before he dies
he sees the entirety of the city as part
of a gigantic spaceship
mr hen threatens john with emma's life
if he doesn't surrender
and puts him to sleep when he lowers his
guard john wakes up being tied to a
medical stand
and they confirmed from jon's
fingerprints that he did in fact evolve
into a creature that's similar to the
aliens
with this in mind they no longer need
the other test subjects as they plan to
inject their collective memories into
jon
believing that it would cure their race
from extinction the doctor walks towards
jon and quietly takes the syringe that
jon kept in his pocket
he tells jon that the pain would only
last a moment and injects the memories
into him
john began seeing dr shepard in his
memories repeatedly
as the man teaches him how to use his
powers and everything there is to know
about the aliens
mr book realizes that something is wrong
but it was too late
as john regains consciousness with the
mastery of his powers
and breaks free from the restraints
easily he creates a shockwave that sends
the aliens flying towards the distance
mr book retaliates against jon and
throws him away with a blast of his own
jon recovers quickly and the alien
continues to attack him with a barrage
of waves killing his own kind in the
process
the main character fights back as well
and they're locked into an energy clash
which grows larger as they each put in
more and more power
the beams cause a large explosion which
destroys nearly everything around them
the two begins flying towards the
surface of the city as
all the buildings begin to disintegrate
into pieces mr book throws a knife at
jon
but the main character catches it with
his mind and deflects it right back
stabbing the alien in the chest and
sends him flying towards the building
mr book crashes and explodes on impact
the alien creature tries to escape the
body
but dies immediately as it makes contact
with the outside
he flies towards the doctor who also
managed to survive
schreiber tells jon that he can now use
their machine to reconstruct the city in
any way he wants
as he has their power the doctor tells
the main character that unfortunately
emma's memories were wiped out before
all this happened and she no longer
remembers him
jon concentrates and expels all the
water from the city into the exterior
creating an ocean outside the walls he
also constructs shell beach from his
memory
inside the waters he turns the entire
city towards the star
finally allowing daylight to exist in
this world jon opens the final door to
the outside
and sees emma standing at the end of the
walkway admiring the views on top of the
ocean
he walks towards her and they both
express the beauty of the scenery in
front of them
john wonders if emma knows where the
shell beach is and she points to the
land that jon just created
they both walk towards the beach that
now truly exists while introducing
themselves for the last time
as their memories will forever be their
own
so what do you guys think about this
movie let me know in the comments below
and if you like my video please press
like and subscribe for more
i'll see you guys next time
you